Here we have some SVG that
creates these two eyes but
it could be creating anything and
you can see it here.
And we have some CSS to set where
these eyes are pointing to.
And reasonable values would
be 75 to say roughly 25.
But these values don't really make sense.
We can't remember how do we
make the eyes look right?
I have no idea I would have to fiddle and
see that it's actually 75.
So we could abstract it
away with a variable.
Say look.
That goes from zero to one.
Let's set it 2.5 for now.
And then, We can specify a calc
expression to transform this variable.
We have zero to one,
we want to transform it to 25 to 75.
How would we do that?
So, by trial and error,
we could probably figure out,
that we could have this look variable,
it goes from zero to one.
So the part that actually changes
our minimum is 25 pixels.
And then it goes up to 75.
So we won't look to be multiplied by 50 So
that it gives us the entire range
And we can see that this now works,
it goes from zero to one
And even though I'm using SVG here,
this point has nothing to do with SVG.
What I want to show you is how you
can use this kind of range mapping
to transform a range of values
to a different range of values.
And it's actually the same formula
pretty much that we've seen earlier.
Remember how we had the value
that was multiplied by
the value we wanted to get as
a result if the value was 1.
And then one minus the value
multiplied by what we wanted to get
when the value was zero.
So it turns out that actually
this very same formula works for
getting the entire range in between.
And this is essentially
the interpolation formula.
Note that it's not necessary
that min is smaller than max.
Min could actually be larger than max if
the value we want to get when our property
is one is actually smaller than the value
we want to get when our property is zero.